Add Account Abstraction utils and interfaces (#5242)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: .changeset/small-seahorses-bathe.md

---
'openzeppelin-solidity': minor
---

> `ERC7579Utils`: Add a reusable library to interact with ERC7579 modular accounts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ERC7579Utils`: Add a reusable library to interact with ERC-7579 modular accounts
```
